With a new beginning and fresh start, Full of inspiration and positive thoughts, Let's begin this year with an optimistic thought. Gone are the days of regret and guilt, Those rooms full of darkness. It's time to move with courage, Full of confidence and hope. Let's begin this year with an optimistic thought. As the world celebrates With fireworks and cakes I'm standing here alone Far away from home With nothing but a suitcase and memories As the stars surround me like water I raise my hands in full surrender To God, my Redeemer Lord, this year is far from ordinary I've never seen such extraordinary People, places and things Amazing human beings Searching for purpose, just like me. Looking around, I wonder Since a year is like clashing thunder Booming suddenly Then vanishing instantly Why waste time uselessly? The old year came and went I hope your time was wisely spent On helping others and working hard So that many people may regard Your lifetime as truly great And not just because of fate So learn this lesson, but not from me! Try it yourself and you will see Making a difference starts with one step With one foot, then the next So walk right now into the light And find yourself shining bright Don't worry what people think Because right now you're on the brink Of showing others what is true Happy New Year, from me to you. Even during the worst of times When I feel the years go slipping by Life seems rife with possibilities When the New Year arrives. Buoyed by hope at the New Year coming I feel renewed and want to start living. This year I'll travel and see the sights, I'll be bold, I'll be courageous. I'll reach out and go beyond. I might even try being flirtatious! I'll be a new fish in a brand new pond. This new year I'll be brave and I'll be strong. Even though time does fly, I won't let this year be wasted. I'll look forward to new adventures And be open to opportunities I am graced with. I'll learn and laugh and have good times. I won't dwell on years gone by. I'll start each new morning a brand new way. I'll pretend it is New Year's Day! They gave us all a calendar At work this afternoon. Suddenly it dawns on me, The year is ending soon! Comes January, cold and gray. The new year's just beginning. And February, short and bright With Valentine hearts winning. Comes March, the windy roaring one And warm the sun of spring. Then April, bright of shining sky And flowers blossoming. Comes May, and school comes to a close With children's happy laughter. Then June, with open city pools And picnics soon thereafter. July comes booming with a bang Of red-glared rockets blasting. Then August lingers with its heat That seems so...everlasting. September, gold September comes. The year is growing older. October with sweet Halloween. The nights grow dark and colder. November smells of harvest, Of turkey and Thanksgiving. December comes with joy and light To fill hearts of the living. Each page I flip and see these things Of days yet to come. My calendar is a door to me, An adventure just begun! First day of the New Year. It's time to shine for a new day. Forget your past, Your sorrow, your pain. New ideas are waiting ahead. It's time to recall your all memories, Beautiful dreams that remain uncovered, Painful parts of life when your heart gets crushed. But don't be afraid. The future is in your hand. Hold it in your hand. Start your race, A new journey That leads you to success. You will rise again, You will shine again. Happy New Year! Here comes the New Year And it's time to make resolutions For I promise to be sincere And bring in me a revolution In class I'll talk less In studies I'll surely progress All my lies I'll confess I'll go to play with egress To my friends I'll be kind Have my character refined To a helper of mankind With a sound mind I'll follow my teacher's advice Regularly I'll exercise My mother I'll idolize Beyond doubt I'll civilize These are my resolutions To bring in me an evolution To follow them I'll try my best Until then I'll not rest Thanksgiving comes but once a year. It's a time when families gather near To reflect and give thanks for those we hold dear. We celebrate Christmas with parties and food, Spend time with family and everyone's in a good mood. Soon it's all over, and decorations are put away, And then we do it all again for the next holiday. Look forward to the New Year and keep hope alive That our country brings our troops home So no one else dies. Have faith things will get better, Pray to God above That He will bless us and keep us In His everlasting love. Our country's in turmoil, and it gives me a chill. We'll see better times soon.....I know we will. Try not to let worry get you down. Smile, keep your chin up, And laugh out loud. We'll certainly survive hard times once more Because we have great strength and resolve We didn't know we had before. Take one day at a time, and treasure each day. We need to work together because that's the best way. Don't let hate determine how you act. Instead, open up your heart and don't attack. Make sure our country is the best it can be Let's all work together....you and me! Please, end the hatred towards our fellow man. We'll all feel better if we're holding hands! Good bye, Old Year! And with thee take Thanks for the gifts to every land Thou broughtest in thy bounteous hand, And all that thou hast taught to hearts thy lingering steps forsake. Good bye, Old Year! The Past awaiteth thee. Who ruleth in her power alone The kingdom of Oblivion. Silent she sits in ebon chair; Falling mists of dusky hair Veil her dark eyes' glorious shine, Full of wise help, and truth divine. Silent, unless a fitful sound, As from some cavern underground, Steal from her lips; the company Of ancient Years that round her be, Then chanting, one by one, give tongue To old experience in their song. Good bye, Old Year! Thou goest forth alone, As we shall do: thy pages gay, Seasons and months who round thee lay, Attend thee to Earth's farthest verge, then back! to greet thy son. Hail, New-born Year! Cradled in morning clouds Golden and white. I cannot see Thy face--'tis wrapp'd in mystery; But Spring for thee is painting flowers, And Summer decks her woven bowers; Rich Autumn's sheaves will soon be reap'd, With store of fruits in sunbeams steep'd, And one by one with gentle hand folds back thy sunlit shrouds. Hail, New-born Year! Shining and beautiful, Thou wilt step forth in plenitude Of youth and its rejoicing mood. Last child of the half-century, And time of coming victory Over the spirits of night and sin, Whose howlings of defeat begin: Thou bringest hope, and labour bless'd In visions of successful rest, Bringest great thoughts, and actions wrought In fire upon that forge of thought, And with the soul of earnestness I think thy youths are full. Hail, New-born Year! My utterance is too weak To tell of all I think thou bringest, To echo back the song thou singest; But the very winds of Heaven for those who listen to them, speak! Daylight, my friend seldom seen Your absence tells which season's close Time to reflect on months gone by, but not yet Christmas nears, no time to think. Passing smiles caught through busy streets Indoors we flee in front of fires Glasses clink, we toast the year's end You catch my eye, next year we'll meet. One last farewell, down family roads we head It's late now, a window candle is lit One more drink poured, the last stories shared Another year, things change, the same warmth's felt. December is fading away. There's a new year coming your way. All frustrations drowned with the chill of cold air around as the new year rises array. Everybody say hip, hip hurray! Do you remember the things that made you laugh, cry like a calf? Never forget the luck you had the whole year; If you didn't have any, don't moan saying, "Oh dear!" 'cause there's more to come in the New Year! There comes Santa with yummy goodies for the sweet charming little buddies. Goodbye is what is said to this year, expecting more to happen in the next year. Have fun everyone, and HAPPY NEW YEAR!! Only a night from old to new! Only a night, and so much wrought! The Old Years heart all weary grew, But said: The New Year rest has brought. The Old Years hopes its heart laid down, As in a grave; but, trusting, said: The blossoms of the New Years crown Bloom from the ashes of the dead. The Old Years heart was full of greed; With selfishness it longed and ached, And cried: I have not half I need. My thirst is bitter and unslaked. But to the New Years generous hand All gifts in plenty shall return; True love it shall understand; By all my failures it shall learn. I have been reckless; it shall be Quiet and calm and pure of life. I was a slave; it shall go free, And find sweet peace where I leave strife. Only a night from old to new! Never a night such changes brought. The Old Year had its work to do; No New Year miracles are wrought. Always a night from old to new! Night and the healing balm of sleep! Each morn is New Years morn come true, Morn of a festival to keep. All nights are sacred nights to make Confession and resolve and prayer; All days are sacred days to wake New gladness in the sunny air. Only a night from old to new; Only a sleep from night to morn. The new is but the old come true; Each sunrise sees a new year born. Happy, Happy New Year! We wish you all the best, Great work to reach your fondest goals, And when youre done, sweet rest. We hope for your fulfillment, Contentment, peace and more, A brighter, better new year than Youve ever had before. Looking back on the months gone by, As a new year starts and an old one ends, We contemplate what brought us joy, And we think of our loved ones and our friends. Recalling all the happy times, Remembering how they enriched our lives, We reflect upon who really counts, As the fresh and bright new year arrives. And when I/we ponder those who do, I immediately think of you. Happy New Year to you! May every great new day Bring you sweet surprises-- A happiness buffet. Happy New Year to you, And when the new years done, May the next year be even better, Full of pleasure, joy and fun. My Happy New Year wish for you Is for your best year yet, A year where life is peaceful, And what you want, you get. A year in which you cherish The past years memories, And live your life each new day, Full of bright expectancies. I wish for you a holiday With happiness galore; And when its done, I wish you Happy New Year, and many more. In the New Year, we wish you the best year youve ever had, and that each New Year will be better than the last. May you realize your fondest dreams and take time to recognize and enjoy each and every blessing. Happy New Year, And many more! Im writing this in a state of shock, Watching the clocktick tock, tick tock, Advancing, approaching, relentlessly, A brand new year; Oh, can it be? The calendar says the same thing, too; Time races, vanishes for me; Boo hoo! No, wait! If time flies, Im having fun! A year of fun! Its gone! Its done! I now embrace the blur of time, Because it simply means that Im Too busy with pleasure, joy, delight To mourn the passing days swift flight. So Im wishing you fast, happy days, Pleasuring you in myriad ways, Filled with happiness and cheer, Oh Happy, Happy Bright New Year! A brand new year! A clean slate on which to write our hopes and dreams. This year: Less time and energy on things; More time and energy on people. All of lifes best rewards, deepest and finest feelings, greatest satisfactions, come from people-- people like you. Happy New Year! New years come and new years go, Pieces of time all in a row. As we live our life, each second and minute, We know were privileged to have you in it. Our appreciation never ends For our greatest blessings: our family and friends. May this new year find you healthier and happier, peaceful, content, satisfied, looking forward to fresh, revitalizing interests, a variety of pleasures, interesting new people, material and personal successes to make this new year the best one yet. Happy New Year! In the New Year, let's resolve to get less stressed, upset, anxious about things over which we have no control. Lets have a narrower focus on our lives, loving and helping our family and friends, making our community a better place to live, to create peace and contentment. In the New Year, let's resolve to pay less attention to depressing stories on TV, in magazines and newspapers, and to stop focusing on what we want that we haven't got, instead of appreciating the many blessings we do have. In the New Year, let's look for the good. We may have to search through a mass of negative media, but the good is there, all around us. I wish for you a New Year filled with good, engulfed in serenity and happiness! A bright, shiny new year, empty, neat, pristine, waiting, ready for us to get it right. Another chance to love and forgive. Another chance to make a real effort to give more than we get. Another chance to make a difference. A good new year. A Happy New Year! Another year, another chance To start our lives anew; This time well leap old barriers To have a real breakthrough. Well take one little step And then well take one more, Our unlimited potential Well totally explore. Well show off all our talents Everyone will be inspired; (Whew! While Im writing this, Im getting very tired.) Well give up all bad habits; Well read and learn a lot, All our goals will be accomplished, Sigh...or maybe not. Oh well, Happy New Year anyway! Each year I resolve with the strongest intent To be better this year than the last. And I work very hard; the rules hardly get bent, But this discipline gets old so fast! But with this new year I just know Ill win out, Just watch how I do and youll see! Im not going to have yet another blowout; Ill be good as I know I can be. But, if wicked things beckon, and Im not so strong, If I weaken and fall on my ast, Ill be thankful again that youll help me along As you have during all new years past. Im so grateful that youre my (title)! Happy New Year! The New Years rolling in; Were planning quite a bash. We need to have you here. So it will be a smash! We really want to see you; We hope that you can make it. So help us make our party fun, Or we might have to fake it! Just bring your awesome self (or "selves") And what you want to drink. And well provide the other stuff, Including the kitchen sink! When you let us know youll come, Well smile and shout "Whoopee!" So sit right down and phone us With your kind R.S.V.P! Evergreen boughs that fill our homes With fragrant Christmas scents, Hearts filled with the loving glow That Christmas represents; Christmas cookies, turkeys stuffed, Festive holly berry, Little faces bright with joy, Loved ones being merry; Parties, songs, beribboned gifts, Silver bells that tinkle, Christmas trees and ornaments, Colorful lights that twinkle; Relatives waiting with open arms To smile and hug and kiss us; These are some of the special joys That come along with Christmas. Take a heap of child-like wonder That opens up our eyes To the unexpected gifts in life Each day a sweet surprise. Mix in fond appreciation For the people whom we know; Like festive Christmas candles, Each one has a special glow. Add some giggles and some laughter, A dash of Christmas food, (Amazing how a piece of pie Improves our attitude!) Stir it all with human kindness; Wrap it up in love and peace, Decorate with optimism, and Our joy will never cease. If we use this healthy recipe, We know we will remember To be in the Christmas spirit, Even when it's not December. Are we too grownup to feel a thrill As we light the Christmas tree? Are we immune to cookies, Christmas cards and Christmas glee? Are we too adult to "Ooh" and "Aah" At the Christmas candle's glow? Are we blas about our gifts; Do we shun the mistletoe? Are we too mature for carols, For merry or for jolly? Do the decorations leave us cold, The ornaments and holly? Fat chance! We'll never grow too old To love the Christmas magic. A year without a Christmas Would be boring, even tragic. So bring it on! The candy canes, The feasting and good cheer; O Christmas, lovely Christmas, You're the highlight of the year! Christmas tree, sparkling bright, Filled with baubles, warmth and light, Precious symbol of our affection For Christmas time and its perfection, Show each night your radiant glory For "oohs" and "aahs" obligatory. Christmas tree, don't let us down; Show something special at your crown, An angel, star, or splendid piece To make our holiday joy increase, An icon, pure, ideal, complete, For Christmas memories fond and sweet. Every year at Christmas time There's not a sign of snow. Instead we spend our yuletide days In the sun's warm cheery glow. We have the best of Christmas things, The lights, the gifts, the bells, (And "snowbirds" who arrive en masse To fill our beach hotels.) The glorious weather fits right in With our happy Christmas mood, And we can also walk and run Without having to be snowshoed. So don't feel bad for your (location) friends Who have no snow or ice. We think our sunny Christmas here Is a holiday paradise! While you enjoy the gifts, food, sparkle of ornaments and lights, feasting on favorite foods, I wish this Christmas would envelop you in the special warmth and rich contentment the season brings. I wish friends, family, all those who love you let you know how much they care, so that you feel happily wrapped in their affection. I wish this Christmas would be one you never forget, a shining beacon in your memory to light all of your days. At Christmastime I think of all the gifts That bring me great delight and sweet surprise, But nothing in this world can bring such joy As you do, when you look into my eyes. And when I contemplate what Christmas means, The caring and the giving--I confess, You've given me the things I want the most: Your love, your touch, your kiss, your warm caress. The Christmas tree reminds me, with its lights That just the thought of you sets me aglow; You light me up from deep within my heart, Because I cherish you, and love you so. With you it's Christmas all the time, sweetheart. I treasure every hour and every minute. Your love is all I'll ever want because, My life is so fulfilling with you in it. For most, this time of year Is ornaments, lights and gifts. People are out to shop, Though snow may mass in drifts. For me this time is different From what others feel and see; For me it's just more happiness Full of you and me. You fill my life with joy Each moment that we share. I'm thankful for time with you; Nothing can compare. I want to make life good for you In every way I can. Youve been my own true love Since our relationship began. So Im writing you this poem To help you to feel my love; We can be this way forever, With help from up above. May the New Year bring love and joy You need to learn how to enjoy Each moment of this special life And leave behind your inner strife! May the New Year bring love and joy You need to learn how to enjoy Each moment of this special life And leave behind your inner strife! Begin this year with something new Start morning with a honeydew Play darts, paint bees, grow trees, feed cats New Years about changing habits! I want to kiss you as the clock strikes twelve, To put out troubles on a distant shelf The things get better when youre here Dont ever try to disappear! Love is something that is endless Throws away all of my sadness Make next year a special time Love of yours is always mine! The New Years night comes in our house Makes happy every little mouse Im glad to spend this night with you And sure that you do feel it too! The endless love you keep inside Makes New Years night a special one Dont waste this pretty magic light On someone who deserves none! Be sure this magic never ends Leave all your desperate regrets Next year will be the happy one No matter what, your life goes on! New Year is something that makes me feel That your love for me is real Ill safe this feeling deep inside And give you everything thats mine! Tonight your eyes shine brighter than ever Like endless glowing of the stars Lets make New Years night last forever And save this night for two of us! New Year is coming to the city The streets have never been so pretty And on this magic New Years night I want to have you by my side! Here comes the new time, Its not just about the beginning, But about the end, This time is filled with peace, A time to spend, Flashes of the year have gone by, Waiting for a new dawn, Im wishing you a happy New Year! Let go of old things, Let go of your stress, The New Year is the perfect time to let go of the past, This time has certainly moved faster, But welcome this wonderful New Year with a soothing smile on your face Because this is the only grace, That will last, Wishing you a happy new year! Another meaning of the New Year is new hope in life. New Year brings in new strive But in the middle of new things, A strange happiness lies within, Of all the things so unique, Of all the things seen, Celebrate these moments for sure Because, here comes the New Year Happy New Year! May this New Year find you healthier, happier, more peaceful and satisfied, Hoping for a revitalizing, varieties of pleasure, New and interesting people, personal and material successes To make this New Year your best. Happy New Year! May your days are sunny and bright, And your whole life is full of light. Always be firm and never get fear, Cause God gives us a brand New Year! Hey, here comes my New Years reality Check Another year is another fresh chance To start all over again! This time around, we will go over old barriers To experience a solid break through, We promise to take one little step And another, We promise to totally explore, Our unlimited range of potential, We will showcase all of our talent We will be a source of inspiration for everyone And stop our bad habits We will accomplish every of our goal And wishing you the same too, Happy New Year! Looking ahead, all I see is every day with you Filled with the sweet warmth of excitement, A deeper, fulfilling love, than I could ever think of Spending the New Year with you is the most precious treasure I could ever have, Happy New Year dear! Wishing you a wonderful New Year feel so happy spending the New Year with you, My treasured, cherished, and my most special one, Who has given unto me the special gift of happiness and joy, Comfort and peace, adventure and excitement, Happy New Year! With the start of this New Year, I pray to God to give you a reason to smile every day, May this wonderful New Year brings to you 365 reasons So that living life becomes sweet and easier And your problems will be solved with a soothing smile on your faces, Happy New Year! Have you ever had the feeling That everything is possible? Im sure that this year will bring you Even the impossible! May the coming year Be full of wonderful events! May everything be clear Without sorrows and offence! Maybe, it is cold outside But well warm up together In the coming year Ill be by your side And you wont be bothered by cold weather! A lot of presents and sweet wishes Youll get this New Years night. May all it be just a repetition Of life thats full of warmth and light! A good New Year is the one That is celebrated in a friendly atmosphere. With jokes and real fun. Wish you a Happy New Year! Friends, family and the loved ones Theyre the best gift ever. They have been given us once To love, support, take care of them forever. To celebrate all holidays together, To warm each other in a cold and windy weather. To wish them a happy, a bright day And stay together on this holiday. Happy New Year! If something is wrong, This year will fix it all. You need to be strong And youll get what you want! Its better to laugh Then to frown or cry. Its better to love, Cause love will take you high. Take only best from this beautiful year, And youll finally see The real happiness, my dear! May your whole life Be a permanent holiday! May the road of ongoing light Pave you a wonderful way! I want to wish you a happy New Year, That will bring you many achievements In love, friendship and career. Good luck! This year will bring A lot of things to enjoy. I wish you well-being, Much happiness and joy! May a great prosperity Knock on your door today! May only light and clarity Be on your long-long way! Happy 20**! Sometimes our life gets very tough And theres nothing youre sure enough But this New Year will answer to all doubts And blow away this black-black clouds. Happy New Year! All the holidays are great But New Year is special Itll open a big gate And answer all your questions! You deserve the best, my dear. And youll get it all this year. Dont be gloomy, dont be sad Laugher will scare off all the bad! Beautiful lights and decorations Surround us this day. They promise to meet the aspirations And point the right way. Happy 20**! People change and time goes by One more year is left behind No more suffering and cry Is our motto for this New Year night! This year is coming to an end, But dont regret it. Cheer up a bit, my dear friend And please be happy! Greet New Year with a big smile, Forget about loss and fail, Just close your eyes and wish To live your life like in a fairy tale! New plans, new hopes, new expectations Will bring you happiness this year. May all your urges and intentions Be fulfilled eventually! When you wake up tomorrow, On the first day of New Year, May all your misery and sorrow Be far away from here! Let us forget the mistakes of the past, Better seek for the best in this New Year, I am sending you my warmest greetings, And wishing you tones of joy and cheer!!! The old year is ending and the new one has arrived, Take a look at the months that have gone by, Think of all the moments that brought us joy and cheer, May you have lots of happy days in this New Year! Another brand New Year is here, Another year to live, To forget all doubts and fears, To laugh, to love and to give! Happy New Year! So let us welcome the brand New Year, It is the perfect time for the festal cheer! Wishing you the happiest life, my dear! May your life be filled with joy and cheer, Bringing you fun and happiness for the whole year, Keeping you smiling, my dear, I wish you a joyful and happy New Year! Little keys may open big locks, Simple words may cure the heart blocks, Keep smiling, cause it rocks. Happy New Year, folks! Think of joy, forget your fears, Always keep smiling and leave behind the tears, Be happy and joyous, cause its a New Year! Leave all the troubles in December, Forget all worries and sad days. Now the New Year is coming Bringing new dreams and new ways. Let the New year Be full of delight, And every single day, Be nice and filled with light! Raise your glass for the last day of the old year, And for the fortunate New year! The New Year lies before you Like a spotless tract of snow Be careful how you tread on it For every mark will show. Take twelve whole months. Clean them thoroughly of all bitterness, hate, and jealousy. Make them just as fresh and clean as possible. Now cut each month into twenty-eight, thirty, or thirty-one different parts, but dont make up the whole batch at once. Prepare it one day at a time out of these ingredients: Mix well into each day one part of faith, one part of patience, one part of courage, and one part of work. Add to each day one part of hope, faithfulness, generosity, and kindness. Blend with one part prayer, one part meditation, and one good deed. Season the whole with a dash of good spirits, a sprinkle of fun, a pinch of play, and a cupful of good humor. Pour all of this into a vessel of love. Cook thoroughly over radiant joy, garnish with a smile, and serve with quietness, unselfishness, and cheerfulness. Youre bound to have a happy new year. Life is a book in volumes three The past, the present, and the yet-to-be. The past is written and laid away, The present were writing every day, And the last and best of volumes three Is locked from sight God keeps the key. At the sound of the tolling midnight bell a brand new year will begin. Lets raise our hopes in a confidant toast, to the promise it ushers in. May your battles be few, your pleasure many, your wishes and dreams fulfilled. May your confidence stand in the face of loss and give you the strength to rebuild. May peace of heart fill all your days may serenity grace your soul. May tranquil moments bless your life and keep your spirit whole. A new year is beginning to peak through softly beautiful and different like new falling snow, each day unique and shaped just for you. Your life adding something as each day does grow. My wish for your new year is beauty and softness with surprises thrown in for delight. Love for each day bringing happiness to you, making your life a scene of sparkle and shining sunlight. Let the new year be a year of freedom from sin, a year of service, a year of trust in God, and it will be a happy year from first to last. It may be the hardest year we have known, but it will be the happiest. To leave the old with a burst of song; To recall the right and forgive the wrong; To forget the things that bind you fast To the vain regrets of the year thats past; To have the strength to let go your hold Of the not worth while of the days grown old; To dare go forth with a purpose true, To the unknown task of the year thats new; To help your brother along the road, To do his work and lift his load; To add your gift to the worlds good cheer, Is to have and to give a Happy New Year. God built and launched this year for you; Upon the bridge you stand; Its your ship, aye, your own ship, And you are in command. Just what the twelve months trip will do Rests wholly, solely, friend, with you. Your logbook kept from day to day My friend, what will it show? Have you on your appointed way Made progress, yes or no? The log will tell, like guiding star, The sort of captain that you are. For weal or woe this year is yours; Your ship is on lifes sea You acts, as captain, must decide Whichever it shall be; So now in starting on your trip, Ask God to help you sail your ship. If it didnt bring you joy just leave it behind Lets ring in the new year with good things in mind Let every bad memory that brought heartache and pain And lets turn a new leaf with the smell of new rain Lets forget past mistakes making amends for this year Sending you these greetings to bring you hope and cheer Happy New Year! I will not throw the cat out the window Or put a frog in my sisters bed I will not tie my brothers shoelaces together Nor jump from the roof of Dads shed I shall remember my aunts next birthday And tidy my room once a week Ill not moan at Mums cooking (Ugh! fish fingers again!) Nor give her any more of my cheek. I will not pick my nose if I can help it I shall fold up my clothes, comb my hair, I will say please and thank you (even when I dont mean it) And never spit or shout or even swear. I shall write each day in my diary Try my hardest to be helpful at school I shall help old ladies cross roads (even if they dont want to) And when others are rude Ill stay cool. Ill go to bed with the owls and be up with the larks And close every door behind me I shall squeeze from the bottom of every toothpaste tube And stay where trouble cant find me. I shall start again, turn over a new leaf, leave my bad old ways forever shall I start them this year, or next year shall I sometime, or ..? Lord, let me stand in the thick of the fight, Let me bear what I must without whining; Grant me the wisdom to do what is right, Though a thousand false beacons are shining. Let me be true as the steel of a blade, Make me bigger than skillful or clever; Teach me to cling to my best, unafraid, And harken to false gospels, never. Let me be brave when the burden is great, Faithful when wounded by sorrow; Teach me, when troubled, with patience to wait The better and brighter to-morrow. Spare me from hatred and envy and shame, Open my eyes to lifes beauty; Let not the glitter of fortune or fame Blind me to what is my duty. Let me be true to myself to the end, Let me stand to my task without whining; Let me be right as a man, as a friend, Though a thousand false beacons are shining. I do not know what still awaits, Or what the morrow brings; But with the glad salute of faith, I hail its open wings! For this I know that in my Lord Shall all my needs be met; And I can trust the heart of him Who has not failed me yet.. Change is just in the date It is never too early or too late You can always start afresh And, never ever blame your fate The coming year will be all bright Wish that you always see the light And darkness never comes to your side, Wish you a bright and happy new year! Make a bucket list of things you want to do Make a list you have to achieve This year has gone past by So put it in the archive New Year will get you the new feel in life Everything will be special for you All will be nice and bright So, have a awesome year ahead Wish you a very happy new year! Another year is coming to an end, Have you planned where will you spend? This night is going to be awesome Because it will be the last day of the year So, forget everything and do cheer Because this year is going, Wait for another bright start Where you would welcome it from your heart! New Year is about something unknown Things that are never shown You know you want to move ahead In the direction where your heart takes you So, go on that road so new When you will feel like a dream Like the merry and cheer all through Wishing you a happy new year! As the New Year will start with a cheer, There will be lots for you my dear New ideas that will cross your mind, New things one of a kind New beginnings for that perfect end, New emotions to make a blend, So, have a good time Wish you a happy new year! The New Year will surely bring many surprises for you You will get what you wish for Just smile and embrace the coming year Smile and see that vibe and cheer You will feel good to start afresh You will feel good to address Things of past are already gone So, make the most of your new year plan Wishing you a very happy new year Have lots and lots of cheer! Its always about the new beginning, It is not about the end, This time is so peaceful, Its a time to spend, Some flashes of the year that has gone, And waiting for a new dawn, Wishing you a happy new year! Winter, its so exciting Hearing sleigh bells And watching candle lighting And were wishing Joy to everyone As we go once more around the sun Theres another year, fresh and clear, straight ahead Like a field of snow All across the land theres a brand-new beginning now Just think of the things that could happen Magic can be spun And well watch the stars go whizzing by As we go round the sun. What could be more inviting Singing carols And famlies reuniting And its laughter Merriment and fun As we go once more around the sun Theres another year, fresh and clear, straight ahead Like a field of snow All across the land theres a brand-new beginning now Just think of the things that could happen Hang on, everyone! And well watch the stars go whizzing by And its full speed ahead as through space we fly The future has just begun With eyes open wide On this carousel ride As we go round the sun. No more champagne And the fireworks are through Here we are, me and you Feeling lost and feeling blue It's the end of the party And the morning seems so grey So unlike yesterday Now's the time for us to say... Happy new year Happy new year May we all have a vision now and then Of a world where every neighbour is a friend Happy new year Happy new year May we all have our hopes, our will to try If we don't we might as well lay down and die You and I Sometimes I see How the brave new world arrives And I see how it thrives In the ashes of our lives Oh yes, man is a fool And he thinks he'll be okay Dragging on (hoo-hoo), feet of clay (hoo-hoo) Never knowing he's astray Keeps on going anyway Happy new year Happy new year May we all have a vision now and then Of a world where every neighbour is a friend Happy new year Happy new year May we all have our hopes, our will to try If we don't we might as well lay down and die You... And I Seems to me now That the dreams we had before Are all dead, nothing more Than confetti on the floor It's the end of a decade In another ten years time Who can say (hoo-hoo) what we'll find (hoo-hoo) What lies waiting down the line In the end of eighty-nine Happy new year Happy new year May we all have a vision now and then Of a world where every neighbour is a friend Happy new year Happy new year May we all have our hopes, our will to try If we don't we might as well lay down and die You... And I its the most wonderful time of the year with the kids jingle belling and everyone telling youll be of good cheer its the most wonderful time of the year its the hap- happest season of all with those holiday greetings and gay happy meetings when friends come to call its the hap- happest season of all there be parties for hosting marshmellows for tosting and caroling out in the snow there be scary ghost stories and tales of the glories of Christmases long long ago its the most wonderful time of the year there be much misoltoeng and hearts will be glowing when loved ones are near its the most wonderful time of the year there be parties for hosting marshmellows for tosting and caroling out in the snow there be scary ghost stories and tales of the glories of Christmases long long ago Its the most wonderful time of the year there be much misoletong and hearts will be glowing when loved ones are near Its the most wonderful time Yes the most wonderful time Its the most wonderful time of he year Dashing through the snow In a one horse open sleigh O'er the fields we go Laughing all the way Bells on bob tails ring Making spirits bright What fun it is to laugh and sing A sleighing song tonight Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh A day or two ago I thought I'd take a ride And soon Miss Fanny Bright Was seated by my side The horse was lean and lank Misfortune seemed his lot We got into a drifted bank And then we got upsot Oh, jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh yeah Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh Jingle bells, jingle bells Jingle all the way Oh, what fun it is to ride In a one horse open sleigh Dean Martin - Let It Snow Oh the weather outside is frightful But the fire is so delightful And since we've no place to go Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow! It doesn't show signs of stopping And I've bought some corn for popping The lights are turned way down low Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow! When we finally kissgoodnight How I'll hate going out in the storm! But if you'll really hold me tight All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying And, my dear, we're still goodbying But as long as you love me so Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow! You better watch out, you better not cry You better not pout, I'm tellin' you why Santa Claus is comin' to town He's makin' a list and checkin' it twice And gonna find out who's naughty or nice Santa Claus is comin' to town He sees you when you're sleeping He knows when you're awake He knows if you've been bad or good So be good for goodness sake Oh, you better watch out, you better not cry You better not pout, I'm tellin' you why Santa Claus is comin' to town With the little tin horns and little toy drums Roody-toot-toots and rummy-tum-tums Santa Claus is comin' to town And the curly haired dolls that toddle and coo Elephants, boats and kiddy cars too Santa Claus is comin' to town The kids in girl and boy land Will have a jubilee Their gonna build a toyland town All around the Christmas tree So, you better watch out, you better not cry You better not pout, I'm a-tellin' you why Santa will be peepin' Kiddies better be sleepin' Santa Claus is comin' to town... Hark! how the bells Sweet silver bells All seem to say, "Throw cares away." Christmas is here Bringing good cheer To young and old Meek and the bold Ding, dong, ding, dong That is their song With joyful ring All caroling One seems to hear Words of good cheer From ev'rywhere Filling the air Oh how they pound, Raising the sound, O'er hill and dale, Telling their tale, Gaily they ring While people sing Songs of good cheer Christmas is here Merry, merry, merry, merry Christmas Merry, merry, merry, merry Christmas On, on they send On without end Their joyful tone To ev'ry home. Hope your Holiday Season is fun and festive. Wishing you a joyous Holiday Season and a most prosperous and healthy New Year. Greetings of the Season and Best Wishes for the New Year! Wishing you a Joyous Holiday Season and A Very Happy and Peaceful New Year. Have a magical Holiday Season. Warmest wishes for a happy Holiday Season and a wonderful New Year. Wishing you and your family a wonderful Holiday Season. Wishing you a joyous Holiday Season and a happy and prosperous New Year. Wishing you peace, love, and joy this Holiday Season. We wish you and your family, Seasons Greetings and a joyous New Year. May the closeness of friends, the comfort of home, and the unity of our nation, renew your spirits this Holiday Season. May the Holiday Season bring only happiness and joy to you and your loved ones. Let the spirit of love gently fill our hearts and homes. In this loveliest of seasons may you find many reasons for happiness. Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful Holiday and a Happy New Year. Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful holiday and a very happy New Year. To a joyful present and a well remembered past. Best wishes for Happy Holidays and a magnificent New Year. Best wishes for the holidays and for health and happiness throughout the coming year. To a Healthy, Happy and Peaceful New Year. Wishing you and your loved ones peace, health, happiness and prosperity in the coming New Year. Peace On Earth and best wishes throughout the New Year. Best wishes for a happy and prosperous New Year. Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful Holiday and a Happy New Year. May peace, love and prosperity follow you always. Whatever is beautiful. Whatever is meaningful. Whatever brings you happiness. May it be yours these Holidays and throughout the coming year. May this Christmas end the present year on a cheerful note and make way for a fresh and bright New Year. Heres wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! May the good times and treasures of the present become the golden memories of tomorrow. Wishing you lots of love, joy and happiness. Merry Christmas! May your Christmas sparkle with moments of love, laughter and goodwill, And may the year ahead be full of contentment and joy. Have a Merry Christmas. May the Christmas season fill your home with joy, your heart with love and your life with laughter. May the peace and blessings of Christmas be yours; And may the coming year be filled with happiness. The gift of love. The gift of peace. The gift of happiness. May all these be yours at Christmas. May all the sweet magic of Christmas conspire to gladden your heart and fill every desire. As you relish the goodies, decorate every nook and corner of your home and enjoy the get-togethers... May the joy and festivities continue to radiate in your lives, long after Christmas is gone. Merry Christmas! Happy New Year! Giving and receiving love is the only guarantee of having a truly Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Wishing you and your family all the best. I wish You Lovely X-mas; I wish You Favorable; I wish You Enjoyable; You shall not Lack in this X-mas; Thy Lord shall provide to You!Merry X-Mas. My Christmas wish for you, my friend; Is not a simple one; For I wish you hope and joy and peace; Days filled with warmth and sun. This Christmas, make it a point to bring a smile to every face you see. Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Make it a special one! This Christmas may you get the opportunity to explore joy and lots of love that Christmas brings your way. Happy Christmas to you and a Happy New Year ahead. I can hear the bells of the sleigh and the Ho-Ho-Ho of Santa. Mh too much old-fashioned eggnog for me! Merry Christmas! Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year and yet, 4 all that, when it speaks, its voice has strong authority. Wish you a Merry Christmas and may this festival bring abundant joy and happiness in your life! During this special day, what really matters in not how many presents are under the Christmas tree, but that you are surrounded by the love of family and friends. Merry Christmas! Sharing with u the Glory; the Wonder, the Miracle; of this Holy Season. Have a Blessed Christmas and New Year. May Peace be your gift at Christmas and your blessing all year through! May you be blessed with a safe and happy Christmas. Lots of love. Smile, sing and be glad! Its Christmas! Its Christmas! Merry Christmas to you and your family! May the blessings of the Lord remain with you today and forever! A warm cup of eggnog, a chat with the family and a laugh with friends around the beautifully-decorated tree. Can Christmas get any better than this? Merry Christmas! May our love find its way to your heart this holiday season. Have a wonderful time. Merry Christmas. May this Christmas fill your hearts with warmth, peace and joy! Have a Holy and a Blessed Christmas! May this year be more promising than the year before! Spread the happiness all around you! Its Christmas! Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you and your family! This Christmas may all your efforts turn into achievements. May you be rewarded in hundred fold. Merry Christmas to you my dearest one! Merry Christmas, and may this new year bring you joy and laughter. To be happy is the greatest wish in life. Love and Joy came down on the earth on Christmas day 2 make u happy and cheerful. May Christmas spread cheer in your life. Santa already knows what I want for Christmas YOU! Merry Christmas and watch out for the big bearded man coming to get you! Peace on earth will come to stay, When we live Christmas every day Wouldnt life be worth the living; Wouldnt dreams be coming true; If we kept the Christmas spirit; All the whole year through? Christmas is the one time of year when people of all religions come together to worship Jesus Christ. May all your days be Merry and bright and may your Christmas be white! Merry Christmas! The best gifts in life will never be found under a Christmas tree, those gifts are friends, family, children and the one you love. Lets celebrate this blissful New Year. happy Christmas. My special wishes to you and to all those to are close to you. May you have a Christmas that is more special than it has ever been. May Baby Jesus bless you abundantly. Wishing your family all the jingly, jolly joys of Christmas. To a joyful present and a well remembered past. Best wishes for Happy Holidays and a magnificent New Year. As we rejoice and celebrate this wonderful season of Christmas, let us not forget to thank baby Jesus for coming into our lives. Let us together prepare ourselves to welcome him into the homes of our hearts. Merry Christmas to you and your loved ones. Have yourself a Merry little Christmas, Let your heart be light. Christmas spells out love, hope and joy. Pass it on to everyone in your life. Have a great Christmas. Christmas Sayings For Cards From The Heart With Images Christmas joy is ultimate feeling to share it with your friends and family. Grab one these messages for Christmas cards and share it also on Pinterest and Facebook too. May this Christmas burn away all your sadness and bury the tears so that your life is perpetually filled with happiness and joy. Santa told me he received and read your letter. However, because of the recession and the economic crisis, all he was able to get you is coal! Only joking! I hope you enjoy the present Blessed Christmas! Have an ideal Christmas; an occasion that is celebrated as a reflection of your values, desires, affections, traditions. Hope your Christmas is an ideal measure of fun and laughter! The 100 Happy Birthday Wishes Heres wishing you a Christmas day full of joy and laughter. Savor the wonderful delights for months to come. The 100 Christmas Greetings Santas coming! Dont forget to prepare cookies and milk and place them near the Christmas tree! Merry Christmas! I take this Christmas as an opportunity to remind you how much you mean to me. I cant even think what would I ever do without you. I thank God for sending you into my life. On this beautiful occasion, I pray to him to give you whatever you wish for. May Bells are ringing and everyone is singing, Its Christmas! Its Christmas! Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. May this Christmas season bring your closer to all those that you treasure in your heart. Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New year! Sending the warmest Christmas wishes to you and your family. May God shower his choicest blessings on you and your family this Christmas! Sending you all my love and the choicest blessings from heaven this Christmas. May you have a brilliant Christmas season. Merry Christmas to you and your loved ones! Read even more Christmas wishes at Christmas Wishes Christmas is forever, not for just one day, for loving, sharing, giving, are not to put away like Christmas Vacation Quotes May this Christmas bring you all the love and luck in the world! Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! The 60 Inspiring Christmas Card Ideas Seasons Greetings!! We hope that the time you spend with family this year is a memorable one. Merry, Merry, Merry, Merry, Merry Christmas!! Wishing you all the best this holiday season. The 60 Merry Christmas Quotes Im sending you warm bear hugs, loving kisses and earnest wishes for the wonderful occasion of Christmas. May you have a splendid Christmas filled with lights, songs and cheer. Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year to you. Joyful like the angels, Pleasing as a star, Peaceful like youre a part of heaven, Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way, May you be blessed this Christmas with peace and love all day! Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Remembering its poignant meaning 4 the hearts of men. Love, joy and peace are the ingredients for a wonderful Christmas. We hope you find them all festive season. Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New year! Thats all what you are! Blessed Christmas, my dear friend! May this Christmas be a wonderful time to share with the ones you love. Gods greatest present is His presence, Ponder on this as you celebrate Christmas, Christmas is the season when u buy this years gifts with next years money. May this Christmas turn out to be better that you ever expected. Merry Christmas to you. Go out and spread the joy! Love is whats in the room with u at Christmas if you stop opening presents and listen. Christmas card sayings Good news from heaven the angels bring; Glad tidings to the earth they sing; To us this day a child is given; To crown us with the joy of heaven. May you find more smiles on your face this Christmas than ever before! Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Make it grand! I wish Santa brings you the gift of never ending happiness this Christmas! May you and your family be blessed abundantly. Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year! Not everyday does it happen that we get to wake up to a bright and beautiful Christmas morning. Make the most of today. Have a lovely Christmas. Have a great Christmas! Take the time to celebrate your desires, values and affections with your loved ones. Wishing you all the best. May this Christmas end the present year; On a cheerful note and make way This Christmas give us a message that we should live unite with great peace, So, here is a bundle of some sweet wishes for you. Merry Christmas!!! This Christmas as you count your blessings sent to you by the Almighty, dont forget to pray for those you arent able to partake in this wonderful celebration. I wish you have a Merry Christmas and a very Happy New Year ahead. 30 Merry Christmas Wishes For Everyone Wishing someone merry Christmas is best way to bring that feeling that only humans have. So do share these wishes and quotes for everyone, no limits please. Everyone is invited for Christmas light. Theres nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. Merry-Christmas-card-05 Christmas songs in the background to set the mood, the lights are blinking, the eggnog is ready and family and friends are on their way. What else could you ask for?! Merry Christmas! May your Christmas me filled with lots of happiness, peace and love ooh and lots of presents May Santa Claus bring you lots of gifts! May your home be filled with peace and bliss! May Jesus shower His abundant blessings on you! Heres wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Promising New Year! A song was heard at Christmas. To wake the midnight sky. A saviors birth, and peace on earth and praise to God on high. Merry-Christmas-Kids-Card Wishing you and your loved ones a Merry Christmas and a New Year filled with fun and frolic! May this Christmas bring your way plenty of reasons to smile. I wish you and your family a very Happy and Joyous Christmas season. May your Christmas sparkle with moments of love, laughter and goodwill. And may the year ahead be full of contentment and joy. Have a Merry Christmas. merry-christmas-2014 Keeping Christmas is good, but sharing it with others is even better. Let this Christmas be a period of reflection on our past and project to better them the years before us, Let us show greater love and care for one another more in this year. Wishing you a safe holiday season with the ones you love. Have a Merry Christmas and a prosperous New Year. A star has come to earth! Spread the Christmas love and cheer! Merry Christmas! The best of all gifts around any Christmas tree: the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other May you and your family cherish the wonderful memories, of love, care and hope. May you live life in joy and peace. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. Dont get too scared if a fat dude in red shows up at your door step and tries to wrap you up in gift paper. He is Santa Claus and hes going to simply send you to me, cause I added you to my wish-list this Christmas. Happy Xmas day to you! The Christmas Day brings memories, and kindest thoughts untold, Of friends we may not often see, But hope to always hold, So may the greeting be a link, In friendships precious chain, and may there be a Christmas Day, When we shall meet again! May this Christmas bring you all the joys of heaven. May you have angels rejoicing at your doorstep. May Baby Jesus teach you the true meaning of life. May this Christmas bring you closer to him. Merry Christmas to you and your family. May your hearts be filled with peace and faith in God. May your days of doubt be replaced with days of hope and cheer. May you and your family get nurtured with lots of love! Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to you and to your loved ones! Blessings and peace of mind that you truly deserve. MERRY CHRISTMAS. Spread the love, happiness and Yuletide cheer to all you meet. Have a rocking Christmas. At Christmas play and make good cheer, For Christmas comes but once a year. I am dreaming of white Christmas, with every Christmas card I write, May your days be Merry and bright, and May all your Christmases be white. Merry Christmas. Spread the warmth of the Christmas season to all those around you and make this world a beautiful place to live in. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! May Santa and his elves bring you bundles of joy and the Yuletide cheer! May this Christmas be filled with lots of presents but more importantly lots of love from the ones that matter most. Dont measure the height of your Christmas tree. Measure the abundance of the love present in your heart! Have a Blessed Christmas! If tonight some big fat man kidnaps and throws you in to a sack, then please stay calm. Because many people would have asked Santa for a sweet friend like you. Merry Christmas, dear. Enjoy! May you have, The gladness of Christmas which is hope; The spirit of Christmas which is peace; The heart of Christmas which is love. Christmas comes once a year, but please know that I cherish you every single day no matter the distance between us. Christmas is a time for reflecting on the blessings we have received throughout the year. You are my number one blessing since the day we first met. They say happiness cannot be measured in exact terms, and that may be true. It is enough that we have Christmas to remind us that love, happiness and goodwill are the true things that uplift our lives. Thank you for the happiness you bring to me since I met you my love. Your love is the best gift I could have asked for! Merry Christmas sweetheart! During this season of giving, let us take time to slow down and enjoy the simple things. May this wonderful time of the year touch your heart in a special way. Wishing you much happiness today and throughout the New Year. The warmth and love surrounding Christmas is a joy to be savored with family and friends. It is a time to give and share with one another. Heres to wishing you the best this season has to offer. Its the time of year when loved ones gather together. It is a special time to be thankful for all of the wonderful blessings in our lives. Sending you good wishes and the hope that your holiday will be a joyous one. Having you as my friend makes me feel as if it is Christmas every day. The warmth and comfort that comes with this season reminds me of you. Xmas wishes wording During the miraculous time that is Christmas may you see with the eyes of a child, experience the wonder of love, and truly enjoy all that the season has to offer. The meaning of Christmas is held in our hearts and shared with family and friends. Im sending you messages of faith and hope for a beautiful holiday season. Christmas is the season for peace, joy and fellowship with family and friends. May the yuletide spirit fill your heart and home with an abundance of mercy, contentment, laughter and harmony. It is the season for giving and remembering and sharing the love. Christmas is a time when we take stock of our blessings and reach out to those who have touched our lives. Thank you for being such a wonderful friend/sibling. The best of the Christmas season to you. I love this time of year because I can use it as an excuse to tell you, and show you, how much I really care about you. Merry Christmas, and thank you for being you; you mean the world to me. I see the spirit of Christmas around me wherever I go. I hope you are able to feel the spirit inside you as well as it brings me great joy. Christmas is truly full of wonders. It makes all of my savings disappear! That is the Christmas magic. Wishing You Merry Christmas This is the season of being together. Its a time of hope and new beginnings. With this card Im wishing you love and peace during Christmas. Merry Christmas, my love. I hope you love the gifts I have for you, and I cant wait to see the smile on your face. The only thing more wonderful than Christmas morning is the feeling that I get knowing that you are next to me. Merry Christmas, baby. May you have The gladness of Christmas which is hope; The spirit of Christmas which is peace; The heart of Christmas which is love. May your holiday be merry and bright as well as the rest of your days. Sending you lots of love this Christmas season.1 Sending love and plenty of Christmas cheer to you and your beautiful family. Happy holidays to all of you. I received your gift with great joy; you are my best gift of Christmas. Thank you for the Christmas wishes. I just heard Santa Baby for the first time this year. Someone, kill me now. Christmas is for spending time with those we love most. I am so glad to spend it with you! If I could only ask for one gift this Christmas, it would be our beautiful relationship! Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas to the one who makes every day merrier and brighter! My love, you bring me so much joy. I wish you the best Christmas ever this year! I cant wait to spend Christmas with you. Its the gift I have been asking Santa for all year. Love came down at Christmas, Love all lovely, Love Divine; Love was born at Christmas; Star and angels gave the sign. In this Christmas season, keep all things in the right view. Or let your credit card brings its limit to bear. The jewel of Christmas is the gift of friendship; you make my holiday awesome. Wishing you a wonderful season and Happy New Year. I am hoping for snow this Christmas so we can spend the day cuddled inside with mugs of hot cocoa and love in our hearts. Dont forget to bring the marshmallows. Though the miles may separate us, I want you to know you are deep in my heart this holiday season. The love I have for you has no limits. Merry Christmas to the one I love so very much. Words can never describe how grateful I am for you. Christmas is for spending time with those we love most. I am so glad to spend it with you! Wishing you and your family a very Merry Christmas. May this joyful season greet you with health and happiness. Wishing you the best during this joyful season of 2017. I hope your holidays are filled with festivities and plenty of merry enjoyment. May the message of Christmas fill your life with joy and peace. Best wishes to you and your family during this holiday season. May this holiday season sparkle and shine, may all of your wishes and dreams come true, and may you feel this happiness all year round. Being with you feels the same as having Christmas every day of the year. Thank you for making my life magical. During this season of giving, let us take time to slow down and enjoy the simple things. May this wonderful time of the year touch your heart in a special way. Wishing you much happiness today and throughout the New Year. If you want to have a happy Christmas, avoid going to the mall after December 20th. It is the season for giving and remembering and sharing the love. Christmas is a time when we take stock of our blessings and reach out to those who have touched our lives. Thank you for being such a wonderful friend/sibling. The best of the Christmas season to you. Amidst the Christmas carols, eggnog, cookies and mounds of presents, may your heart be filled with contentment and the unique feeling of joy that the season brings. During the miraculous time that is Christmas may you see with the eyes of a child, experience the wonder of love, and truly enjoy all that the season has to offer. On this Christmas I wish that happiness and joy fills your home and life. May you have a wonderful Xmas May the light of Christmas be your sun that you may never walk in obscurity; I offer you this seasons gifts of Joy and unending testimonies. Merry Christmas Please Note: CHRISTMAS IS CANCELLED!!! Apparently, YOU told Santa that you have been GOOD this yearHe died laughing1 Winter time, But warmer smiles, Snowy roads with giggling glides, Childrens carols overwhelm, tis silent night, The sweetest taste of joys delight. Merry Christmas! Let the spirit of love, Gently fill our hearts and homes. In this loveliest of seasons. May you find many reasons for happiness. Happy Christmas holidays! christmas is the day to tell your loved ones what they mean to you. how could i miss this opportunity to pass all my love to the most loved one! i love you! Have a merry christmas! May this CHRISTMAS end the present year On a cheerful note and Make way For a fresh and bright new Year. Heres wishing you a MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! May the good times and tresures of the present become the golden memories of tomorrow. wish you lots of love, joy and happiness. merry christmas! And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins Matthew (1:21). May the miracle of christmas touch your life! Its christmas and i just wanted to say Thank You and that Its been a great pleasure working with you past yearhope you and your family has wonderful holidays and a happy new year! The best gifts cant often be packed inside a box. how can you wrap shared laughter & tears or talks that run into hours? they can only be wrapped and treasured inside my heart. Merry Christmas! Me: Dear Santa, I want a Magical Unicorn for christmas. Santa: Be realistic. ME: OK, i want 5 minutes to myself each day, to have my coffee hot and pee in place. Santa: What colour Unicorn would you like? Bless us LORD, this christmas, with quietness of mind; teach us to be patient and always to be kind May your christmas wishes comes true! From home to home, and heart to heart, from one place to another. the warmth and joy of christmas, brings us closer to each other. Merry Christmas! Hey darling, wake up, it is such a lovely christmas morning. i wish you all the happiness in the world this christmas. i promise to do all it takes to see you happy. merry christmas baby. you owe me a christmas kiss! may your life be colourful magnificent, shimmering and joyful, as the magic of Christmas spreads on you merry christmas! may the spirit of christmas bring you peace. the gladness of christmas give you hope, and the warmth of christmas grant you love. happy christmas! may peace be your gift at christmas and your blessing all year through! merry christmas! Happiness, Food For All, World Peace, Education, Prosperity, Ipad, YOU. I wrote a letter to Santa and told him to bring you everything you wanted for Christmas, so hopefully he will answer and make all you dreams come true Merry Christmas and that the happiness Of this holidays can be repeated every day Of the new year. These are the wishes of you best friend forever. This season is so much more than holiday parties and giving gifts. May your Christmas be filled with the true miracles and meaning of this beautiful time. There are so many gifts I want to give to you this Christmas. Peace, love, joy, happiness are all presents I am sending your way. I wish you a blessed holiday season. May this Christmas bring you comfort, joy, peace and happiness to last throughout the coming new year 2017! All I want for Christmas is you, so dont worry about my gift. Letting me be yours is the best gift anyone could ask for. Wishing all my family members peace and love this holiday season. May you feel the joy in your home that you bring to me. The BEST of all gifts around any Christmas tree: the presence of a HAPPY FAMILY all wrapped up in each other. Wish you a merry Christmas! Memories may be fleeting, but each childhood friend is a gift that touches your heart. Merry Christmas! Love, Health, Wealth! Feliz Navidad! Happy Quanza! Bah Hum Bug! Wonderful memories to be had, many reasons to be glad. Loving wishes all for you. Countless dreams you have made true. Merry Christmas! Enjoy the lights on the trees, the icicles formed on the eaves, the red hue of holly, and the love and warmth you feel surrounded by family and friends. Faith makes all things possible, Hope makes all things work, Love makes all things beautiful, may you have all the three For this Christmas! As the snow falls, I give you two my wishes, listen to the wind, I am blowing kisses! Santa may be making a list and checking it twice, but I knew, the first time I saw you, what I wanted for the holidays. May you experience lots of love, laughter and joy this Christmas and beyond and a very Happy New Year too. I hope your holiday is filled with plenty of warmth, love, cheer, and happiness. Merry Christmas to you and yours. May this Christmas be a fitting ending to a successful year for you. May the New Year bring fresh hopes and bright beginnings. May all the sweet magic of Christmas Gladden your heart and fill Every desire! Merry Christmas! May every day be as sweet and merry as this Christmas and let the laughter fill your home with joy. Merry Christmas!!! I hope all your Christmas wishes come true! My certainly have, I wished for your company and warm smile to fill my holidays with joy. Christmas is not a time nor season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and kindness, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas. I wish Santa brings you the gift of never ending happiness this Christmas! May you and your family be blessed abundantly. Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year 2017! This Christmas as you count your blessings sent to you by the Almighty, dont forget to pray for those you arent able to partake in this wonderful celebration. I wish you have a Merry Christmas and a very Happy New Year 2017 ahead. beautiful Christmas wishes messages I hope life treats you kind, and I hope you have all you ever dream of, I wish you joy, happiness, peace and prosperity but above all this I wish u love this Christmas. Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. Celebrate this Christmas like a child. Enjoy the innocent joy of Christmas. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. It is that time of the year again, when you are thankful for everything Merry and bright. May this Christmas be a delight! Wishing you a Merry Christmas! Best merry Christmas day greeting card messages to everyone May the spirit of the season bring you closer to those whom you cherish so much. May this be a year of celebrations for everyone, Merry Christmas to all. Christmas spells out love, hope and joy. Pass it on to everyone in your life. Have a great Christmas. Bells are ringing and everyone is singing, Its Christmas! Its Christmas! Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Dont get too scared if a fat dude in red shows up at your door step and tries to wrap you up in gift paper. He is Santa Claus and hes going to simply send you to me, cause I added you to my wish-list this Christmas. Happy Xmas day to you! From door to door, From heart to heart; Christmas binds us together So that were never ever torn apart! Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year 2017. May you find more smiles on your face this Christmas than ever before! Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Make it grand! I wish you joy from the fragrance of Christmas, treasures of our present joy, golden memories of our future and the joy of a Merry and fun-filled Christmas. Christmas is a fragrance of love shared in our gifts; hope for a bright future and a wish for more blessings in the new year. Merry Christmas. The central message of Christmas is love for others; we share it all the time and keep the hope of Christmas alive. May the lovely spirit of Christmas bring you lots of peace, joy and happiness. May it live with you all through the Christmas season. Heres wishing you a Wonderful Christmas and a Blessed New Year. You are as beautiful as an angel, as sweet as a Christmas cookie, and as loving as the whole season. Thank you for making my Christmas wonderful. May Santa Claus grant you all that you wish for this Christmas. Heres wishing you and all your loved ones a very Happy and Joyous Christmas. I see the spirit of Christmas around me wherever I go. I hope you are able to feel the spirit inside you as well as it brings me great joy. Its the season of the poets, time for carolers, wishing Christmas will last forever. Spend Christmas with me and you will have a blast, youll see! I wish you all the best things for Christmas; health, happiness, satisfaction, and above all for all eternity! I wish you the very best this Christmas; joy, and a heart full of happiness. I love you! Im dreaming of a White Christmas, with every Christmas card I write May your days be merry and bright, May all your Christmases be white. May you have an ideal Christmas as a reflection of your values, desires and affections. Bells are ringing, snowflakes flying Sending you my most sincere blessings Merry Christmas 55 Traditional Christmas Greetings With Images We have prepared for you some traditional Christmas greetings with pictures so you can send them to your loved ones. Also dont forget to barrage them with these messages on Pinterest and Facebook, because that will definitely bring out the the Christmas joy out. The real spirit of Christmas is to cherish peace and goodwill and to be plenteous in mercy. Merry Christmas and may Gods grace be with you. May the Christmas season fill your home with joy Your heart with love, and your life with laughter Love and joy came down on earth on Christmas Day to make you cheerful and happy Be merry; not just on this wonderful day but all through the year. Childhood memories and love of kindred make our hearts grow tender In spirit makes us a child again.at Christmas time of the year The 100 Christmas card sayings Merry Christmas! May the things that bring Christmas cheers surround you all through the year. Oh God, help us to remember the birth of Jesus That we may share in the songs of the angels, The joy of the shepherds, and the worship of the wise men May Christmas morning make us happy to be your children We pray that Gods presence be with you this Christmas. When a big fat man jumps at your window and puts you in a sack Its just that I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas. Lets welcome the fresh year Lets cherish each moment it beholds Lets celebrate this blissful New Year Merry Christmas I wish you an enjoyable Christmas. May the essence of Christmas remains with you always Take care. Christmas is the time of giving, sharing, loving and forgiving May the spirit of Christmas fill your heart with warmth and love The snow is gently falling, white as a dove; touching the heart Merry Christmas with Love. Each Christmas finds me longing for Christmases now past It brings me back to childhood as long as memories last. Somehow, not only for Christmas but all year through The joy you give to others, is the joy that comes back to you. Let the spirit of love gently fill our hearts In this loveliest season may you find many reasons for happiness. For a joyful present and a well remembered past Best wishes for Happy Holidays and a magnificent New Year May your Christmas sparkle with moments of love, laughter and goodwill May the year ahead be full of contentment and joy Have a Merry Christmas. Its Babys first Christmas, what a beautiful sight He gurgles out loud in spontaneous delight He gazes at the tree with its baubles trim I know he can hear the Angels sweet hymns. Top 60 Christmas Wishes A song was heard at Christmas, to wake the midnight sky A saviors birth, and peace on earth; praise to God on high May your world be filled with warmth this holy season and throughout the year Wishing your Christmas be filled with peace, happiness and good cheer Merry Christmas! Christmas for you is the joy of each new toy For me, its watching you with joy. May the good times and treasures of the present; be a golden memories of tomorrow Wishing you lots of love, joy and happiness Merry Christmas! May the spirit of Christmas brings you peace The gladness of Christmas gives you hope The warmth of Christmas grant you love Happy Christmas. Faith makes all things possible Hope makes all things work Love makes all things beautiful May you have all three this Christmas Home to home, heart to heart From one place to another The warmth and joy of Christmas Brings us closer to another Happy Christmas. Christmas is a time of love and a time to love. May this season bring you success and happiness. Have a wonderful Christmas, have a great New Year Enjoy your holidays. A Christmas candle is a lovely thing; it makes no noise at all But softly gives itself away, unselfishly growing small. Fill your heart with Christmas songs Candies, cakes all soak in snow Merry Christmas to you. ChristmasGreetings08 Joy resounds in the hearts of those who believe in the miracle of Christmas Wishing you all the joy, peace and love Seasons Greetings! The message Christmas brings is unity and peace Be lavished with your kindness and you will be rewarded Be merciful and you will be blessed Happy Christmas! Let this Christmas be a reflection on our past Project to make them better the years before us Show greater love and care for one another this year. May this Christmas be so special, you never feel lonely again May Christ bless you with all the happiness and success Wishing your loved ones peace, health, happiness and prosperity in the coming New Year Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful Holidays May peace, love and prosperity follow you always Praise God for a beautiful morning, it may not be an easy day But His guidance and love enables us to push through despite all odds Have a wonderful Christmas Wishing you a Merry Christmas May the joys of the season fill your heart with cheers May the chimes of Christmas glory shine across the miles Today and in the New Year Wouldnt life be worth living Wouldnt dreams be coming true If we keep the Christmas spirit the whole year through I love the Christmas tide And yet noticed each year I live I always like the gifts I get But how I love the gifts I give. Christmas-Greetings-Sayings I heard the bells on Christmas Day Their old familiar carols play Wild and sweet the words repeat Peace on earth , good will to men! Good news from heaven the Angels bring Glad tidings to the earth they sing To us this day a child is given To crown us with the joy of heaven. Christmas is here again; let us raise a loving cup Peace on earth, good will to men Make them do the washing up. As Christmas began in the heart of God, fill that love by extending our hearts to others The best gifts in life is not found under a Christmas tree Those gifts are friends, family, and the one you love. Christmas not about gifts; its about the birth of Jesus Jesus is the reason for the season. Sweet Christmas Greetings from the heart Need more inspiration on what to write on Christmas card? Then you have come to the right places. We have preprared collection of special greetings for Christmas that will share the love and joy straight from the heart. Christmas is a Blessed season; which engages the world in a conspiracy of love! Hoping your Christmas be enjoyable May the essence of Christmas remains with you always Take care. A list of folks I know, all written in a book Every year when Christmas comes, I go and take a look I realized the names are not part of the book But in my heart I took My Christmas wish for you my friend is not a simple one For I wish you hope, joy, peace and days filled with warmth and sun Hoping life would treat you kind Hoping your dreams come true I wish you joy and happiness, peace and prosperity But above all this; I wish you love this Christmas Romantic Christmas Greetings with love What about some romantic messages for Christmas you might wonder? We got you there covered also. Send him or her these romantic wishes or even better, share them on Pinterest and Facebook too. Your eyes and your smile is all I wish for happy Christmas eve. A peaceful, happy Christmas and a prosperous New Year to you, best wishes my love! You are special, you are unique May your Christmas be as special and unique as you are Merry Christmas! I wish you a Merry Christmas, a lot of pretty things To sweeten your life full of joy ChristmasGreetings01 Christmas Greetings and Sayings for family Christmas is about family and reunion with family members on this special day. Prepare some presents and wrap them up with these specially crafted greetings and sayings for Christmas. Here we go. Can I have a picture of you So Santa will give me what I want Happy Christmas. New Year, new start New chapter, new beginning Forget the bad, cherish the good Sincerely wishing you a blessed New Year ahead. christmas-pictures Christmas has darkness; brighter than the blazing noon Christmas has chillness; warmer than the heat of June Christmas has a beauty; lovelier than the world can show For Christmas brings Jesus, brought for us so low. Its December; the month of cakes, candles, snow and songs, Carols, joys, laughter and love Wishing you a Merry Christmas. We should also bring some fun in Christmas also. For this occasion we have prepared some funny greetings for Christmas that will definite make you laugh. Funny Christmas Sayings Marry Christmas! If you feel you two are ready to take such a big step. I would say all I want for Christmas is you But I really would love new credit card as well! Christmas is the festival of love and spirit Let us drink the spirit to feel love Dearest Santa, I promise I will never bitch about anyone, please get me ah nah, Forget it; Ill get it for myself! Merry Christmas! Christmas is one day when girls get to kiss boys to wish them without being called a slut! Christmas gifts are lovely, only when you are not the one paying for them though! Merry Christmas! Dearest God, This Christmas I planned on going green Please get the point and send my lots of cash this Christmas. Merry Christmas! I hate Santa! He reminds me of the men who come for 10 minutes, do their thing and disappear for the remaining 364 days! Merry Christmas!